>> Scott Moss: Let's do a quick recap.
So again, if you don't know anything about
LLMs, agents, take the other course,
this is just a little recap,
a little refresher.
I have everything you need to know about
all that stuff in here, but I'm just gonna
go over it in my own words of what an LLM
is, what an agent is, kinda those basics.
So as you may or may not know, an LLM is
just a large language model It's some
form of weights and balances,
which are like probabilities and
statistics on what decisions to make
to help it predict, in this case,
in a large language model,
predict the next word.
And other models like
diffusion-based models,
which are models used to generate images
like we saw, it's very similar, except for
it's not predicting the next word.
It's more about denoising pixels and
coming back to some image that was
very similar to a description of another
image, but still about predicting things.
At the end of the day, there's statistics,
there's weights and balances, and
you have a model with neural
networks that use it.
The thing that's special about LLMS is
they have something called attention,
which basically just allows it to
keep in memory the whole sentence,
the whole set of characters while
predicting the next character.
Whereas previous attempts
of text prediction based
AI models did not have the ability
to keep the entire part in memory.
They only knew what the previous letter
was and not the whole sentence before it,
and every letter before it.
So that is the innovation here.
And then a agents kind of build on LLMS.
So you think of LLMs are just like,
you'll hear these terms a lot.
You'll hear single turn and multi turn.
So single turn it's just a, what I'd
like to call a transactional LLM call.
It's very similar to what you would do
in cursor or VS Code or GitHub Copilot,
where you say, do this thing, and
it does the thing and it's done.
Agent is multi turn.
So, you saw how I was able to do
the approval, generate an image, and
do this stuff.
That is the agent taking,
it's calling an LLM multiple times.
It's getting the results,
it's feeding it back.
It's thinking, it's getting a result.
It's feeding it back until it
doesn't have to think anymore.
So, that's kind of what an agent is.
It's an LLM.
On a loop that has typically
access to tools, and
also in the form of
a chat-based agent memory.
So it can remember all the messages
that you've said before.